index.md, before:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Manchester
tags: manchester
level: 0

region: Europe
meetup-group: OWASP-Manchester
country: United Kingdom
postal-code: 

---
# Welcome
Welcome to the Manchester chapter homepage. This UK chapter was started in 2011, having grown out of the successful Leeds_UK chapter.

# Next Meeting

**TBC**
Everyone is welcome to join us at our chapter meetings.

The date for our next meeting will be announced shortly.

If you have any recommendations for speakers, venues or potential
sponsors, please contact the Chapter Leaders.


# Participation
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects ,tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security. 
 
Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapter Leader Handbook](/www-policy/rules-of-procedure/chapter-handbook). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button. To be a SPEAKER at ANY OWASP Chapter in the world simply review the [speaker agreement](/www-policy/speaker-agreement) and then contact the local chapter leader with details of what OWASP Project, independent research, or related software security topic you would like to present.
 
Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Local Chapters](/chapters), [Events](/events). We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership) or consider a [donation](/donate) to support our ongoing work.

Commit message:

404 URLs no javascript
Handbook 404 now chapter policy >updated URL https://owasp.org/www-policy/
Speaker agreement updated added new URL
Meetup API no being used added javascript, group name in header > {% include chapter_events.html group=page.meetup-group %}

index.md, after:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Manchester
tags: manchester
level: 0

region: Europe
meetup-group: OWASP-Manchester
country: United Kingdom
postal-code: 

---
# Welcome
Welcome to the Manchester chapter homepage. This UK chapter was started in 2011, having grown out of the successful Leeds_UK chapter.

# Next Meeting

{% include chapter_events.html group=page.meetup-group %}

Everyone is welcome to join us at our chapter meetings.

The date for our next meeting will be announced shortly.

If you have any recommendations for speakers, venues or potential
sponsors, please contact the Chapter Leaders.


# Participation
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects ,tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security. 
 
Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapter Policy](https://owasp.org/www-policy/). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button. To be a SPEAKER at ANY OWASP Chapter in the world simply review the [speaker agreement](https://owasp.org/www-policy/) and then contact the local chapter leader with details of what OWASP Project, independent research, or related software security topic you would like to present.
 
Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Local Chapters](/chapters), [Events](/events). We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership) or consider a [donation](/donate) to support our ongoing work.
